feat: add ADR Process, inspired by the backstage ADR structure (#205)
einride/extend: docs/architecture-decisions/index.md

______________________________________________________________________

| id            | title                               | sidebar_label | description                                     |
| ------------- | ----------------------------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------- |
| adrs-overview | Architecture Decision Records (ADR) | Overview      | Overview of Architecture Decision Records (ADR) |

______________________________________________________________________

> The architecture decisions made across the Backup feature in Einride are kept here. For more information about ADRs, when to write them, and why, please see [this blog post](https://engineering.atspotify.com/2020/04/14/when-should-i-write-an-architecture-decision-record/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The architecture decisions made for the Einride Extend public API are kept here. For more information about ADRs, when to write them, and why, please see [this blog post](https://engineering.atspotify.com/2020/04/14/when-should-i-write-an-architecture-decision-record/).
```

Author: @DavyJ0nes :facepalm: fixed!
